fix(rdb): update documentation about RDB disk full troubleshooting (#3158)
scaleway/docs-content: managed-databases/postgresql-and-mysql/troubleshooting/disk-full.mdx

When the Database Instance switches to `disk_full` state, the default transaction mode automatically switches to `read only`. This allows your applications to still access its data, while preventing new data from being added.

<Message type="important">

>   The Database Instance disk space includes Database engine logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Database Instance disk space includes database engine logs.
```

>   Please note the Database Instance disk space includes Database engine logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The Database Instance disk space includes Database engine logs.
```

</Message>

> You can check your current engine logs consumption by using the Scaleway CLI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can check your current engine logs consumption by using the Scaleway CLI:
```

```
scw rdb log list-details instance-id=11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111
Details.0.LogName   postgresql-01.log
Details.0.Size      64257
Details.1.LogName   postgresql-02.log
Details.1.Size      81560
...
```

> You have the possibility to purge a single file or all the log files

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You have the possibility to purge a single file or all the log files:
```

```
# Purge a single file
scw rdb log purge instance-id=11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111 log-name=postgresql-01.log

# Purge all your logs
scw rdb log purge instance-id=11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111
```

> If you wish to clear out space used by your Database Engine, you can carry out the following actions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## How to clear out space used by your Database engine
```
